README.md, before:

<!-- <img width="960" alt="am i responsive screenshot" src="https://"> -->

# Sauna Beach Spa

Sauna Beach Spa is a new small sauna and spa B2C business located on a beautiful Garretstown beach in County Cork. The site is targeted towards people around Cork looking for a way to spend time with friends and family in a relaxing environment. 

The website provides just enough information to get people's interest without over loading them with lots of reading. Minimalist visual style offers a calming effect to the visitor with minimal clicks needed to reach the end goal of contacting the sauna. Images show relaxed guests. Soothing ocean color scheme and simple layout to make them feel like they are already there. If they feel calm just looking at the website they will more likely be convinced that this experince will offer them the ultimate relaxation.

The owner wanted the website to privide some information on the story of the business, the health benefits, the treatment options and quick way for people to contact them with enquiries. They also wanted to provide people with a sence of longing to be by the seaside getting a massage.

**Link to** [live site](https://mags07.github.io/Sauna-Beach-Spa/)

Full website designed myself: [Margarita Buyukli](https://www.linkedin.com/in/margarita-buyukli-b16477a6/)

## Contents
- [**Market Research**](#market-research)
  - [**Competitor Analysis**](#competitor-analysis)
    - [**Competitor 1**](#competitor-1)
    - [**Competitor 2**](#competitor-2)

- [**Business Goals**]
  - [**Scope**](#scope)
  - [**Specifications**](#specifications)

- [**User Experience**](#user-experience)
  - [**User Stories**](#user-stories)
  - [**Responsive Web Design**](#responsive-web-design)

- [**Design**](#design)
  - [**Mockup**](#mockup)
  - [**Imagery**](#imagery)
  - [**Typography**](#typography)

- [**Technologies**](#technologies)
  - [**Languages**](#languages)
  - [**Libraries**](#libraries)
  - [**Other Tools**](#other-tools)

- [**Testing**](#testing)

- [**Deployment**](#deployment)

- [**Credits**](#credits)
  - [**Articles**](#articles)
  - [**Acknowledgements**](#acknowledgements)


## Market Research
### Competitor Analysis 
- __Competitor 1__
- __Competitor 2__

## Business Goals

### Scope
4 pages 
Home - About us, a short walk-through description of the experience, health benefits.
Services - 4-5 massage options plus combos. Price list at the bottom of the page.
Facilities - Changing room, sauna with a beach view, lounge area with a beach view, water/juice station.
Contact - Working hours, Google maps location, contact us form.

### Specifications
- __Aspects of a website to address pain points of visitors__
Minimalist style 
Lots of photos(from https://pixabay.com/ https://unsplash.com/ )
Bullet points instead of big blocks of text
Mouse hovering reactions to catch attention to links
A contact form
Google Maps API


## User Experince

### First Time Visitor Goals

  - See the short information about Danielle, and learn about services she provides.
  - Have an easy access to the all site's content by clicking the correct navigation link.
  - Have an easy access to the social media links such as Instagram, Youtube and Facebook.
  - See the up-to-date packages being offered.
  - To see the opening and closing times and what days the sauna is open.
  - Find out how long the packages take.
  - Find information about prices
  - Be able to contact the business owner as I wish through social media, e-mail or a contact form.
  - Navigate to the location of the sauna easily.


### Returning Visitor Goals

  - Be able to navigate easily towards the contact form from the Home page.
  - Have easy access to the map and phone number for a quick call incase I get lost on the way.
  - Have an easy access to contact the owner incase I need to chance or cancel a booking, wheather I feel more comformatable doing it over social media, email or a phone call.
  - See the up-to-date packages and prices being offered if it's been a while since I went there.

### Responsive Website
- __This website is responcive to the following screen sizes:
- 375px - mobile size,
- 768px - tablet size,
- 1440px - laptop size,
- 1950px - desktop large size.


## Design

### Colour Scheme
Inspiration
https://www.pinterest.ie/pin/905927281264221410/
(colour-palet.png)

Colour Scheme chosen
https://coolors.co/
(blue-spa-colour-scheme.png)

Visual colour accessability analitics
https://contrast-grid.eightshapes.com/

### Typography

- [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/)

  - Used 'Biryani' font for the logo and headings as it looks profisional, but soft/rounded.
  - Used 'Montserrat' for for the main body writing as it is even more rounded.

### Imagery
(assets/css/...)

### Video
Video of a massage
https://pixabay.com/videos/massage-wellness-recreation-spa-701/
https://www.pexels.com/search/videos/massage/
https://unsplash.com/s/photos/massage

### Logo
Logo icon from https://favicon.io/

### Wireframes
- Wireframes were created using [Balsamique](https://balsamiq.com/)
<!--Balsamiq Wireframes here-->

### Features
Navigation
Hero in Home page - catch attention
Welcome - about us
Benefits

Footer
Hero images in the rest of the website
Imagery - movement and opaques to catch attention
Links for ease of navigation through the website without call to action being too presuring.

Future Features
Booking online without contact to be able to see availability before commiting to booking.

[Back to contents](#contents)

## Technologies

https://grid.layoutit.com/

### Languages

- [HTML5](https://www.w3schools.com/html/default.asp/)

  - Used for the creation of the website content.

- [CSS3](https://www.w3schools.com/Css/default.asp/)

  - Cascading Style Sheets language used to style individual pages.

[Back to contents](#contents)

### Libraries

- [](https://.com/)
  - helps with

[Back to contents](#contents)

### Other Tools

- [GitHub](https://github.com/)

  - Hosting service for software development.

- [FontAwesome](https://fontawesome.com/)

  - Icon library and toolkit.

- [Lighthouse](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/lighthouse/overview/)

  - Audit the site for performance, quality, best practices and SEO.

- [AmIResponsive](https://ui.dev/amiresponsive/)

  - An online tool to check how responsive the website is on different screen sizes. Screenshot of this is provided in the begining of README.

- [Markup Validation Service](https://validator.w3.org/)

  - Validator checks the markup validity of Web documents in HTML.

- [CSS Validation Service](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/)

  - Online tool validates CSS.

[Back to contents](#contents)

## Testing

Testing process and results can be found [here](https://github.com......md).

## Deployment

The site was deployed to GitHub pages: [Github](https://github.com/)
The steps to deploy are as follows:
In the GitHub repository, navigate to the Settings tab.
From the left hand menu select 'Pages'
From the source select Branch: main
Click 'Save'
A live link will be displayed when published successfully. It may take about 5 minutes.
The live link can be found here: https://mags07.github.io/Sauna-Beach-Spa/index.html

[Back to contents](#contents)

## Credits

### Articles

- 
- 

### Acknowledgements

- My mentor Elaine Roche for her advice.
- [Stackoverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/) community that have answered alot of similar questions I had.
- Google search engine for the overload of information on website development.

### Content 
- The text for the Home page was taken from;
- The icon in the logo and the social media icons in the footer [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/)

[Back to contents](#contents)

### Media

- The photos used :
- The video used:

Commit message:

Comments in the Index, Treatments aand Contact Us pages

README.md, after:

<!-- <img width="960" alt="am i responsive screenshot" src="https://"> -->
![This is an image]()

Navigation sizing up
Add comments to html


# Sauna Beach Spa

Sauna Beach Spa is a new small sauna and spa B2C business located on a beautiful Garretstown beach in County Cork. The site is targeted towards people around Cork looking for a way to spend time with friends and family in a relaxing environment. 

The website provides just enough information to get people's interest without over loading them with lots of reading. Minimalist visual style offers a calming effect to the visitor with minimal clicks needed to reach the end goal of contacting the sauna. Images show relaxed guests. Soothing ocean color scheme and simple layout to make them feel like they are already there. If they feel calm just looking at the website they will more likely be convinced that this experince will offer them the ultimate relaxation.

The owner wanted the website to privide some information on the story of the business, the health benefits, the treatment options and quick way for people to contact them with enquiries. They also wanted to provide people with a sence of longing to be by the seaside getting a massage.

**Link to** [live site](https://mags07.github.io/Sauna-Beach-Spa/)

Full website designed myself: [Margarita Buyukli](https://www.linkedin.com/in/margarita-buyukli-b16477a6/)

## Contents
- [**Market Research**](#market-research)
  - [**Competitor Analysis**](#competitor-analysis)
    - [**Competitor 1**](#competitor-1)
    - [**Competitor 2**](#competitor-2)

- [**Business Goals**]
  - [**Scope**](#scope)
  - [**Specifications**](#specifications)

- [**User Experience**](#user-experience)
  - [**User Stories**](#user-stories)
  - [**Responsive Web Design**](#responsive-web-design)

- [**Design**](#design)
  - [**Mockup**](#mockup)
  - [**Imagery**](#imagery)
  - [**Typography**](#typography)

- [**Technologies**](#technologies)
  - [**Languages**](#languages)
  - [**Libraries**](#libraries)
  - [**Other Tools**](#other-tools)

- [**Testing**](#testing)

- [**Deployment**](#deployment)

- [**Credits**](#credits)
  - [**Articles**](#articles)
  - [**Acknowledgements**](#acknowledgements)


## Market Research
### Competitor Analysis 
- __Competitor 1__
- __Competitor 2__

## Business Goals

### Scope
4 pages 
Home - About us, a short walk-through description of the experience, health benefits.
Services - 4-5 massage options plus combos. Price list at the bottom of the page.
Facilities - Changing room, sauna with a beach view, lounge area with a beach view, water/juice station.
Contact - Working hours, Google maps location, contact us form.

### Specifications
- __Aspects of a website to address pain points of visitors__
Minimalist style 
Lots of photos(from https://pixabay.com/ https://unsplash.com/ )
Bullet points instead of big blocks of text
Mouse hovering reactions to catch attention to links
A contact form
Google Maps API


## User Experince

### First Time Visitor Goals

  - See the short information about Danielle, and learn about services she provides.
  - Have an easy access to the all site's content by clicking the correct navigation link.
  - Have an easy access to the social media links such as Instagram, Youtube and Facebook.
  - See the up-to-date packages being offered.
  - To see the opening and closing times and what days the sauna is open.
  - Find out how long the packages take.
  - Find information about prices
  - Be able to contact the business owner as I wish through social media, e-mail or a contact form.
  - Navigate to the location of the sauna easily.


### Returning Visitor Goals

  - Be able to navigate easily towards the contact form from the Home page.
  - Have easy access to the map and phone number for a quick call incase I get lost on the way.
  - Have an easy access to contact the owner incase I need to chance or cancel a booking, wheather I feel more comformatable doing it over social media, email or a phone call.
  - See the up-to-date packages and prices being offered if it's been a while since I went there.

### Responsive Website
- __This website is responcive to the following screen sizes:
- 375px - mobile size,
- 768px - tablet size,
- 1440px - laptop size,
- 1950px - desktop large size.


## Design

### Colour Scheme
Inspiration
https://www.pinterest.ie/pin/905927281264221410/
(colour-palet.png)

Colour Scheme chosen
https://coolors.co/
(blue-spa-colour-scheme.png)

Visual colour accessability analitics
https://contrast-grid.eightshapes.com/

### Typography

- [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/)

  - Used 'Biryani' font for the logo and headings as it looks profisional, but soft/rounded.
  - Used 'Montserrat' for for the main body writing as it is even more rounded.

### Imagery
(assets/css/...)

### Video
Video of a massage
https://pixabay.com/videos/massage-wellness-recreation-spa-701/
https://www.pexels.com/search/videos/massage/
https://unsplash.com/s/photos/massage

### Logo
Logo icon from https://favicon.io/

### Wireframes
- Wireframes were created using [Balsamique](https://balsamiq.com/)
<!--Balsamiq Wireframes here-->

### Features
Navigation
Hero in Home page - catch attention
Welcome - about us
Benefits

Footer
Hero images in the rest of the website
Imagery - movement and opaques to catch attention
Links for ease of navigation through the website without call to action being too presuring.

Future Features
Booking online without contact to be able to see availability before commiting to booking.

[Back to contents](#contents)

## Technologies

https://grid.layoutit.com/

### Languages

- [HTML5](https://www.w3schools.com/html/default.asp/)

  - Used for the creation of the website content.

- [CSS3](https://www.w3schools.com/Css/default.asp/)

  - Cascading Style Sheets language used to style individual pages.

[Back to contents](#contents)

### Libraries & Other Tools

- [](https://.com/)
  - helps with

- [Grid Layout It](https://grid.layoutit.com/)

- [GitHub](https://github.com/)

  - Hosting service for software development.

- [FontAwesome](https://fontawesome.com/)

  - Icon library and toolkit.

- [Lighthouse](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/lighthouse/overview/)

  - Audit the site for performance, quality, best practices and SEO.

- [AmIResponsive](https://ui.dev/amiresponsive/)

  - An online tool to check how responsive the website is on different screen sizes. Screenshot of this is provided in the begining of README.

- [Markup Validation Service](https://validator.w3.org/)

  - Validator checks the markup validity of Web documents in HTML.

- [CSS Validation Service](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/)

  - Online tool validates CSS.

[Back to contents](#contents)

## Testing

Testing process and results can be found [here](https://github.com......md).

## Deployment

The site was deployed to GitHub pages: [Github](https://github.com/)
The steps to deploy are as follows:
In the GitHub repository, navigate to the Settings tab.
From the left hand menu select 'Pages'
From the source select Branch: main
Click 'Save'
A live link will be displayed when published successfully. It may take about 5 minutes.
The live link can be found here: https://mags07.github.io/Sauna-Beach-Spa/index.html

[Back to contents](#contents)

## Credits
- Grid Template Layout
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pip8s2BpelM&ab_channel=SixMinutes.Smarter.

### Articles

- 
- 

### Acknowledgements

- My mentor Elaine Roche for her advice.
- [Stackoverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/) community that have answered alot of similar questions I had.
- Google search engine for the overload of information on website development.

### Content 
- The text for the Home page was taken from;
- The icon in the logo and the social media icons in the footer [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/)

[Back to contents](#contents)

### Media

- The photos used :
- The video used:
